docs/source/sgmethods.rst, before:

sgmethods package
=================

Submodules
----------

sgmethods.compute\_error\_indicators module
-------------------------------------------

.. automodule:: sgmethods.compute_error_indicators
   :members:
   :undoc-members:
   :show-inheritance:

sgmethods.mid\_set module
-------------------------

.. automodule:: sgmethods.mid_set
   :members:
   :undoc-members:
   :show-inheritance:

sgmethods.multi\_index\_sets module
-----------------------------------

.. automodule:: sgmethods.multi_index_sets
   :members:
   :undoc-members:
   :show-inheritance:

sgmethods.multilevel\_interpolant module
----------------------------------------

.. automodule:: sgmethods.multilevel_interpolant
   :members:
   :undoc-members:
   :show-inheritance:

sgmethods.nodes\_1d module
--------------------------

.. automodule:: sgmethods.nodes_1d
   :members:
   :undoc-members:
   :show-inheritance:

sgmethods.nodes\_tp module
--------------------------

.. automodule:: sgmethods.nodes_tp
   :members:
   :undoc-members:
   :show-inheritance:

sgmethods.parametric\_expansions\_brownian\_motion module
---------------------------------------------------------

.. automodule:: sgmethods.parametric_expansions_brownian_motion
   :members:
   :undoc-members:
   :show-inheritance:

sgmethods.sparse\_grid\_interpolant module
------------------------------------------

.. automodule:: sgmethods.sparse_grid_interpolant
   :members:
   :undoc-members:
   :show-inheritance:

sgmethods.tp\_inteprolants module
---------------------------------

.. automodule:: sgmethods.tp_inteprolants
   :members:
   :undoc-members:
   :show-inheritance:

sgmethods.tp\_interpolant\_wrapper module
-----------------------------------------

.. automodule:: sgmethods.tp_interpolant_wrapper
   :members:
   :undoc-members:
   :show-inheritance:

sgmethods.utils module
----------------------

.. automodule:: sgmethods.utils
   :members:
   :undoc-members:
   :show-inheritance:

Module contents
---------------

.. automodule:: sgmethods
   :members:
   :undoc-members:
   :show-inheritance:

Commit message:

More documentation: Introduction, theory, references

docs/source/sgmethods.rst, after:

SGMethods package
=================

In tis section, we document the SGMethods package.
We give documentation for all (or most of) the modules, classes, and functions
in the package.

sgmethods.compute\_error\_indicators module
-------------------------------------------

.. automodule:: sgmethods.compute_error_indicators
   :members:
   :undoc-members:
   :show-inheritance:

sgmethods.mid\_set module
-------------------------

.. automodule:: sgmethods.mid_set
   :members:
   :undoc-members:
   :show-inheritance:

sgmethods.multi\_index\_sets module
-----------------------------------

.. automodule:: sgmethods.multi_index_sets
   :members:
   :undoc-members:
   :show-inheritance:

sgmethods.multilevel\_interpolant module
----------------------------------------

.. automodule:: sgmethods.multilevel_interpolant
   :members:
   :undoc-members:
   :show-inheritance:

sgmethods.nodes\_1d module
--------------------------

.. automodule:: sgmethods.nodes_1d
   :members:
   :undoc-members:
   :show-inheritance:

sgmethods.nodes\_tp module
--------------------------

.. automodule:: sgmethods.nodes_tp
   :members:
   :undoc-members:
   :show-inheritance:

sgmethods.parametric\_expansions\_brownian\_motion module
---------------------------------------------------------

.. automodule:: sgmethods.parametric_expansions_brownian_motion
   :members:
   :undoc-members:
   :show-inheritance:

sgmethods.sparse\_grid\_interpolant module
------------------------------------------

.. automodule:: sgmethods.sparse_grid_interpolant
   :members:
   :undoc-members:
   :show-inheritance:

sgmethods.tp\_inteprolants module
---------------------------------

.. automodule:: sgmethods.tp_inteprolants
   :members:
   :undoc-members:
   :show-inheritance:

sgmethods.tp\_interpolant\_wrapper module
-----------------------------------------

.. automodule:: sgmethods.tp_interpolant_wrapper
   :members:
   :undoc-members:
   :show-inheritance:

sgmethods.utils module
----------------------

.. automodule:: sgmethods.utils
   :members:
   :undoc-members:
   :show-inheritance:

Module contents
---------------

.. automodule:: sgmethods
   :members:
   :undoc-members:
   :show-inheritance:
